KEP-4671/5832: Add docs for Workload and PodGroup APIs (#54490)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/podgroup-scheduling.md

share the same `.spec.schedulerName`. This requirement is validated before the cycle starts,
and the PodGroup is rejected if the constraint is not met.

## PodGroup conditions

After a PodGroup scheduling cycle completes, the scheduler updates conditions on the
PodGroup's `status.conditions`:

* `PodGroupScheduled`: reports whether the PodGroup has been successfully scheduled.
* `DisruptionTarget`: indicates the PodGroup is about to be terminated due to a
  disruption such as preemption.

### `PodGroupScheduled`

> When the scheduling cycle succeeds, the condition is set to `True` with reason
> `Scheduled`. For `gang` policy PodGroups, this means at least `minCount` Pods were
> placed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the scheduling cycle succeeds, the condition is set to `True` with reason
`Scheduled`. For `gang` policy PodGroups, this means at least `minCount` Pods moved to the binding cycle.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

When scheduling fails, the condition is set to `False` with one of the following
reasons:

> * `Unschedulable` — the group could not be placed due to resource constraints,
>   affinity or anti-affinity rules, or insufficient capacity for the gang.

Reviewer: This is also valid for non-gangs
```suggestion
* `Unschedulable` — the group could not be placed due to resource constraints,
  affinity or anti-affinity rules, or insufficient capacity.
```

* `SchedulerError` — scheduling failed because of an internal scheduler error
  (for example, while parsing scheduling constraints such as `nodeAffinity`).

### `DisruptionTarget`

When the scheduler preempts a PodGroup to make room for higher-priority PodGroups or
Pods, it sets this condition to `True` with reason `PreemptionByScheduler`.

You can check conditions with:

```shell
kubectl get podgroup <name> -o jsonpath='{.status.conditions}'

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe move it above `### PodGroupScheduled` (i.e., under `## PodGroup conditions`) to be embedded correctly? Now it's under `### DisruptionTarget`
